let's take up the first question so the question     
 is 
Q1.If your were hosting a technical  event, what steps would you take to increase 
awareness about your event and attarct the targetted audience.

If I would host a technical event then first of all I will share the event details
with my class fellows and then I will start sharing it with other students using 
 social media platforms. Definitely most of the students won't join event without
knowing what they will get after attending event. so it is very important fact that I need
to make sure that students must know the values of the event.what kind of skills or new concepts
they will learn by joining the event and one more thing that I think is important is the timing of event
which should be a good time on which most students are avaialble camlet's consider I organize the event on 12:00 PM
so it is quite possible that students from another college or school may have classes at that time
that means they won't be able to attend session.so I will also consider event timing as an important factor.  
Giving audience a refreshment and certificate of appreciation can also attract targetted audience. 
And which student would like to miss
free refreshment or a certificate? definitely no one .so by doing that I will be able to increase audience
for joining the ecvent. Last but not least i'm really excited to be the part of    
  this microsoft family and to be able to reach more laerners & teachers 


Q2.
How have you acted as an agent of change to inspire and influence your peers. Detail a specific example

I am pasionate about exploring technologies and learning new stuff and 
then conveying that to my fellows. A year ago when I was learning java in my 2nd semester, I then
wanted to have a certificate of java by Google/Microsoft.So after a small research on google I found about 
Microsoft Technology Associate Exam, so I prepared for it and passed the exam for java and successfully earned the certificate 
with title 'Microsoft Associate Technology Introduction to programming using java' which I then shared 
on my social media feed, so many of my friends congratulated me and some asked that how they can also get this certificate.
So I guided them about registration and helped them to prepare themselves for the exam so they all qualified and got the 
certificate too.
A few days ago I have earned AndroidSeekho swags by Google and another valuable certificate by Huawei with title 
'Huawei Training Course Certificate' by passing
HMS Foundation Course exam and have posted on social media and some friends asked for help and now a days I am
guiding those so that they can also achieve the same thing.



Q3.
How would you take a technical concept and teach it to a friend or peer that has never heard of it?

I have taught many students even some of my class fellows too mostly in final exams preparation days 
like in 2nd semester I helped some fellows in Linear Algebra And Analytical Geometry and some in Programming using
java and in 3rd semster helped some in data structures and algorithms.
They ask me for help because they know that I am able to teach them in a way that they can grab easily.
I would like to give an example let's say I have a friend who is beginner in fluter 
and now I want to teach my friend about 
"STATE MANAGEMENT" in flutter which he has never heard about. Then to make him understand,  of course first, I will need to clear
my own concepts about state management. After I have a good understanding of the concept which I am going to convey,
so now I will teach him how to achieve state management in flutter step by step "Practically" and then 
I will be giving him task to achieve it on his own now. and I will check his final work
if there will be any mistakes or he stucks at some point then I will come to know that at which point he lacks 
so I will teach that to him with the visual represetation of the specified point in widget tree and then again assign him the 
same task until he gets it done on his own
Then definitely by doing so 
he can learn that new concept in an unforgettable way.